Create pql-.md (#1092)
mattermost/mattermost-handbook: operations/research-and-development/product/growth/pql-definition.md

> ### v1 PQL definition as of May 10, 2022

Reviewer: Is it still the current definition?

Author: Yes. Updating definition currently blocked by ability to view PQL -> opportunity data in SFDC. See [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1y_qSw7YEPtD_YQq19_BsV0eBl_Hngl-eQSeQu7WV2cE/edit#heading=h.mqhwsdw08d60) for details

Reviewer: @johndavidlugtu propose adding today's date, in that case?

> A workspace / instance is considered a Product Qualified Lead (PQL) if it meets the criteria of any of the following categories:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A workspace / instance is considered a Product Qualified Lead (PQL) if it is actively using Mattermost and meets one or more of the following criteria:
```
